SSDEEP(1)                    ManTech International                   SSDEEP(1)



NAME
       ssdeep - Computes context triggered piecewise hashes


SYNOPSIS
       ssdeep [-m <file>] [-vprdsblc] [-t val] [FILES]
       ssdeep [-V|h]


DESCRIPTION
       Computes  a  checksum  based  on context triggered piecewise hashes for
       each input file.  If requested, the  program  matches  those  checksums
       against  a  file  of  known checksums and reports any possible matches.
       Output is written to standard out and errors to standard error.   Input
       from standard input is not supported.


       -m <file>
              Load the file of known hashes to be used for matching. This file
              must be a previous output of the program and  have  the  correct
              header.  Displays  only  those files that match a known file and
              what file they matched against. Although filenames may not  con-
              tain Unicode characters, they can hold hashes with Unicode file-
              names.


       -v     Verbose mode. The name of each file is printed to standard error
              as it is being hashed.



       -p     Pretty  matching  mode.  Computes signatures for all input files
              and then display all matches between files. That is, if  file  A
              matches file B, displays "A matches B" and "B matches A" but not
              "A matches A".  Each file's information is grouped and separated
              by  newlines.   This  flag may be used with the -m flag, but not
              the -d flag.


       -r     Enables  recursive  mode.  All  subdirectories  are   traversed.
              Please  note  that  recursive mode cannot be used to examine all
              files of a given file extension. For example, invoking the  pro-
              gram  with  -r  *.txt will examine all files in directories that
              end in .txt.  If you want to process all files  in  a  directory
              tree with the .txt suffix, try using the find(1) command.


       -d     Enables directory mode. In this mode, all of the FILES are exam-
              ined and a signature is computed for each. If the signature  for
              any  files  matches any of the previously computed signatures, a
              match is displayed just like the -d mode. This flag may also  be
              used in conjunction with the -m mode, but with the -p mode.


       -s     Silent mode. All error messages are suppressed.


       -b     Enables bare mode. Strips any leading directory information from
              displayed filenames.  This flag may not be used  in  conjunction
              with the -l flag.


       -l     Enables  relative  file  paths. Instead of printing the absolute
              path for each file, displays the relative file path as indicated
              on  the  command  line. This flag may not be used in conjunction
              with the -b flag.


       -c     Enables comma separated output mode.  In  any  of  the  matching
              modes  -d,  -p, or -m, displays the results as input file, known
              file, matching score.


       -t <val>
              In any of the matching modes, only displays matches whose  match
              score is above the given value.


       -h     Show a help screen and exit.


       -V     Show the version number and exit.



RETURN VALUE
       Returns 0 on success, 1 if there is a problem.  Read errors, permission
       denied, and encountering directories while not in  recursive  mode  are
       still  considered  successes.  Problems are things like being unable to
       load the matching file, specifying both bare and relative paths, etc.


AUTHOR
       ssdeep was written by Jesse Kornblum, ManTech International Corporation
       jesse DoT kornblum =-=at mantech dot com



COPYRIGHT
       This  program is Copyright (C) 2006-2008 ManTech International Corpora-
       tion and is licensed under the terms of the General Public License. See
       the file COPYING for details.


SEE ALSO
       This program is based on SpamSum by Dr. Andrews Tridgell.
       http://www.samba.org/ftp/unpacked/junkcode/spamsum/



ManTech International       Version 2.2 - RBF DATE                   SSDEEP(1)
